Paul E. Roylance
CS 2610
9 April 2017

Final Project Proposal

This project will be focused on developing a personal portfolio site.
The initial page will contain links to other pages which will contain
an item I have made. For the sake of this project proposal, there
will be at least two items linked to the page for proof of concept.

The graders will be able to test the project works by checking three
things. The first is to visit the initial page multiple times to
witness the dynamic qualities. The second is to follow the links in
to the two items included to check proof of portfolio concept. Third
is to follow urls I will include in a README.txt file to ensure the
urls from django are all working (there will be more than three for
the three pages I have explicitly enumerated at this time).

We have discussed HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, and DJANGO in class. I will
use HTML to create most text and items on all pages. I will use CSS
to make all pages pretty. I will use JAVASCRIPT to do user interface
portions. I will use DJANGO to make the initial page dynamic and
keep data on the visit number a person has made to the initial page.

I will deliver an initial page with a clear section of items I have
made. Items will have matching format to the initial page. Pages
will have a header. The initial page will have a dynamic background
music or blurb. The site will be pretty (yes, this is vague, but the
point is that your eyes will not hurt).

I cannot say the project is based on any prior work. I could say it
is based on code I have wanted to make in previous assignments, but
nothing significant to my knowledge that has been done. This project
will be more than anything I have done before in any assignment in
the class.