Paul E. Roylance
CS 2610
5 May 2017

Project Report

This project has achieved an index page with the necessary format to
be beautiful and a coherent profile. The index page also contains the
necessary qualities to be a portfolio as it contains links to Django
template pages for projects. CSS styling is consistent between pages,
HTML contains dynamic Django, and pages are easily added through the
admin. Some items have not been accomplished at the time this report
was written. Yet to be achieved is a blurb that is different when the
page is reloaded, but will print out all available blurbs. Javascript
is yet to be utelized; however, javascript is planned to solve the
issue with the blurbs. An audio item is yet to be included in the
project. A temporary instance has been created, this will replaced
when a file has been uploaded.

In regards to the proposal, some differences occured. HTML and CSS
were used much as expected, however, the roles Django and Javascript
were much unexpect. I anticipated Django would be used to hold data
that I would swap fairly randomly. Django is still expected to help
do this with the Blurbs (once resolved). The primary role of Django
is to create new pages with some particular item of my creation. This
is done dynamically through admin. This exceeded my expectations and
is very useful. The role of Javascript became obfuscated when I
realized that the proposed task of user interface was ridiculous and
unnecessary. Now I plan to solve the blurb issue with Javascript as
I cannot figure how to do it with Django. Javascript is not terribly
needed. The uses are few and far between.